Such a halfway gossip woman!
If I were her, I would follow him!
Stop being nosy!
They tell, and I just  listen!
Do you want to go with them?
So? Do you want to say something?
You... Are you really blind?
Do you want to see the test result?
Maybe I don't need to.
If I had been able to see you,
it'd have been more than just a kiss earlier.
Hello, sister!
Why haven't you left yet?
I don't want to be here either.
Then leave?
The main gate is open. The backdoor is unlocked!
Can you help me take Thach's money?
Do you have no sense of shame?
Don't you feel ashamed when you say that?
You want to be beaten again, don't you?
Just think. Will anyone in this house protect you?
And you?
You think you can stay with Thach for the rest of your life?
What do you mean?
You've done everything to stop every romance of Thach.
Hey! Have you seen the photo I sent you?
I think you'll need to try really hard to chase another one away.
Thank for warning me.
I know what I need to do.
I like girls who take the initiative.
Good luck to you!
Sign the paper, and I'll leave right away.
I don't want to waste my time anymore.
Just think of giving me this restaurant as a payment for my youth.
I treated you too well, and you became this?
I have this only way to live my life.
Why did you leave me then?
You kicked me out first!
When did I do that?
Whatever happened, I'm back.
I only left when you were in the hospital.
It was me who hired a helper for you!
You left and then came back.
You asked me to give you my restaurant.
I really pity your ego.
Okay, fine.
I'll sign it.
Will you really do it?
I'll give you one restaurant,
but it's not the one you want.
Have a traveling to the West.
You can't!
Please.
From now on, just think that we're strangers.
Phuc.
Bring me the files on the table.
Yes.
Sign it.
Such a shameless woman!
After getting rid of a toxic relationship,
his life will be less stressful.
Get out of here!
Don't blame me if you're still here!
You should be careful with your eyes.
Being angry too often is not good for you.
I don't need your pity!
Leave!
I tear fish for you to eat
Fish is nutritious, eating it will be good for the eyes
Grandparents say eat a lot of fish, maybe your eyes will recover.
What do you say wrong?
You keep eating
Why do you want to meet me here?
Thach wants you to leave him.
What are you talking about?
Thach can't see anymore.
He can't walk either.
It was all my fault.
If he hadn't come to the airport to pick me up...
He wouldn't have had that accident.
You had been talking with him privately, hadn't you?
I had not!
He can't just push me away like this!
I know.
I know saying this will hurt you.
It's what Thach wants.
He is no different from a disabled person.
He doesn't want you to suffer.
No, no... I don't believe it!
- He can't do this to me...
- Don't come in!
Just calm down.
He'll scold you if you come in there.
Haven't you noticed that he's changed?
Take this money to care for yourself.
You might not get any money in the future.
Treating his illness will require lots of money.
It was her who left my brother first.
Then she came back shamelessly demanding a restaurant.
How could she do that?
Right.
It was her who left Thach.
She didn't deserve his love.
I bring you water.
Can I see the photo on your shelf?
Uhm. Do what you like.
Did you love her so much?
I used to love her so much
and hate her so much.
You just let her leave like that?
She's pregnant.
I'm sterile.
How can she be pregnant?
How miserable I am.
I can't even have children.
I let my girlfriend bear someone else's child
and come back telling me that it was mine.
So miserable!
Thach.
Don't advise me.
Don't tell me "Don't be sad".
"It'll be alright."
Those words... are useless.
You're right. I'm not you.
I can't understand you.
You can leave.
If you're tired, tonight...
I'll still make dinner.
I don't want to make Nu sad.
Okay.
To see a famous chef do his work is my pleasure.
What chef?
I'm just a useless man now.
You're not!
Though you can't see, you still can recognize every spice.
But...
Are you making pasta for Nu?
Yes. She's a picky eater.
She's also strict about keeping her figure.
That's why I must be careful with adding spices.
Nu doesn't like pork, especially foods made from flour.
You should wash the pasta carefully.
You know her really well.
I mean...
Yes.
We know each other.
Nu is my best friend.
An important person.
She's really cute!
Thinking that I can't see her smile anymore
makes me feel a little bit sad.
I still remember clearly the picture of her wearing Ao Dai.
I promised her that
I would help her wear her cap in her graduation ceremony.
I can't keep that promise.
Such a pity. She graduated one year ago.
She didn't.
She took a leave   of absence of two year due to her illness.
I think, she'll graduate at the same time as you.
I didn't know that!
Your ages are not much different.
Her birthday is on 28th of December, 1999.
Her birthday is about to come.
Oh.
It was so fun.
I remember us riding a bike on the river bank to fly kites.
Back then, I was so little.
And you were a high school student.
You were a middle school student. That wasn't so little!
Back then, I used to hope to become your bride.
The more we grow, the more different our intentions and decisions are.
Therefore, our childhood dreams are also lost.
But now it's still one of my dreams.
I'm not the one for you,
but I still remember what we were,
what you like to eat and do,
the singers you love.
I even remember your fears!
Do you remember when I was in Grade 6?
There was a fat boy drew a spider in my notebook.
I do.
You were so afraid that you had an asthma attack and I was so worried.
Your shoulder were small, not like now.
I worked really hard in the gym.
I know! You loved the gym more than me!
You didn't even pick up my calls.
Yes! I know I was wrong!
I won't dare miss your calls anymore!
Hmm! I'll remember this!
But, are you okay?
About Linh?
Who's Linh? I don't remember her.
Oh! Where's been Phuc?
When I was in the alley, I saw him talking to someone intimately.
Male or female?
Male.
I think he had a scar.
What would you like me to give you on your birthday this year?
Being with the one I like on my birthday
is the happiest thing I want.
Here's your dinner!
Thank you!
I'll be in the kitchen. Call me if you need anything.
You should get inside.
Yes.
While I wasn't here, I missed your dishes so much!
Then, you have to pig out!
Phuc.
Phuc!
Yes? You called me?
Who allowed you to add salt to my pasta?
I didn't do it!
Did you do it and forget?
I am never careless like that.
I'm your boss.
At least listen to what I ask you to.
I didn't add salt to your pasta!
If it's not you, who could it be?
Do you need to add more salt?
No. Let me do it myself.
Okay.
It's okay. It's just a little salt.
You two don't need to fight like this.
I don't like anyone touching what I cook.
Yes. I know you don't.
But you can't ruin our night because of that!
It's been so long since we had dinner together.
Are you going to let your anger ruin our night?
Get inside, Phuc. It's okay.
Yes.
I'm sorry.
I think it's still good. Don't be angry.
I don't know why that happened.
Every time I hear his voice, I get so angry.
Then, don't hear it.
Every time he speaks, you don't hear anything. Not a single word.
Nu went to bed. I'll go home now.
Did she stop puking?
She did.
If there's nothing else...
What time is it?
It's 11 P.M.
Have you eaten?
Oh. I'll eat with my friend.
Is he the man with a lovely scar?
What?
I didn't know you are gay.
What do you mean?
Why were you so harsh?
If you don't like it,
I can quit.
Don't you want to make money by taking care of me?
Such a waste if you quit now, right?
No one wants to work without getting paid!
If you want to receive your pay without feeling guilty,
be responsible with your work!
I always fulfill my responsibility and duty.
I know where I stand.
In everything I do, I put my work ethic at the top.
Then, the one who texted his boyfriend during his work time wasn't you?
What boyfriend?
Just leave.
Explain that for me!
Or do you want me to have you escorted out?
Goodbye!
Your duty... Your duty, huh?
It's all about your responsibility and duty?
Did he have late puberty?
At times, he's sweet. At other times, he treats me like nothing!
When did I have a date?
And Nu wasn't good either!
She asked me to carry those heavy boxes of apples!
Hello, boy!
Oh, Duy?
Get on. I'll give you a ride home.
My place is far from here.
That's why you need a ride!
It's 11 P.M!
It's late so you need a ride!
Will you be scolded if you come home late?
You're asking to much! Get on.
You're settled?
Phuc!
Yes?
What is it?
Can you go out there and help me carry my boxes of apples?
Why didn't you tell them to deliver here?
I wanted that,
but our streets are being fixed. They couldn't pass.
It's dinner time.
It's okay. Just go. I'll buy you some time!
Please help me! They're from America. Really expensive!
Yes.
Bring this inside for me.
Okay! Go now!
Yes.
<< There are no apples in the carton... only rocks >>
You're still awake?
Go to your room and rest.
What's wrong?
Is it about Phuc?
I'm not sure.
I feel uneasy.
Have you ever thought about it?
I have.
So many things has happened lately. I didn't have time to think.
Then, what is it?
Do you think I'm not normal?
I mean... I've always liked girls.
Now, I feel uneasy and want to be close to a boy.
All the time, I want to know what he's doing and feeling.
"He"?
- It's Phuc.
I got jealous.
Very much.
But I don't know why.
Because you like him.
Maybe that's the case.
"Maybe", huh?
Is it that obvious?
What is the problem between you two?
I don't know.
Brother. Actually, I'm not sure if I'm 100% straight.
When I care about someone,
I always notice my emotions and feelings for them.
I learned that their emotions and actions
are what make me want to understand them more
and what make me happy.
And, things like origin or sexuality, I don't care.
Uhm.
As long as you love them, right?
Exactly!
Did you do something to him?
I got jealous with the man who has a scar.
You didn't know the whole story, but you got jealous!
You're right. I were unreasonable.
What should I do?
"Attack" him directly!
Ask if he had a boyfriend.
I don't think it's good to be unclear.
Okay.
So, good luck to you!
I'll go to bed now.
Uh... You're interested in someone, aren't you?